Prepare v0.8.0 (#1010)
kedacore/http-add-on: CHANGELOG.md

### New

- **General**: TODO ([#TODO](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/TODO))

### Improvements

- **General**: TODO ([#TODO](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/TODO))

### Fixes

- **General**: TODO ([#TODO](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/TODO))

### Deprecations

- **General**: TODO ([#TODO](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/TODO))

### Other

- **General**: TODO ([#TODO](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/TODO))

## v0.8.0

### New

- **General**: Add configurable TLS on the wire support to the interceptor proxy ([#907](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/907))

> - **General**: Add support to collect metrics using either a prometheus compatible endpoint or by sending metrics to an OTEL http endpoint ([#910](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/910))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **General**: Add support for collecting metrics using a Prometheus compatible endpoint or by sending metrics to an OpenTelemetry's HTTP endpoint ([#910](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/910))
```

- **General**: Propagate HTTPScaledObject labels and annotations to ScaledObject ([#840](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/840))

> - **General**: Provide support to allow HTTP scaler to work alongside other core KEDA scalers ([#489](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/489))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **General**: Provide support for allowing HTTP scaler to work alongside other core KEDA scalers ([#489](https://github.com/kedacore/http-add-on/issues/489))
```
